                                                 The Curse of Yolanda                                             
                                                                                                                  
	Now I cannot tell you how it started, or even how we ended up here. All I can tell you is one day the King and Queen just brought her in the kingdom one merciless night. Then everything changed…

	Day by day her curses spread and before anyone knew, she had her claws in everyone’s minds’. The few of us who were able to fight off her charms escaped in the woods. But no one was talking of rebellion. No, we’ve accepted our fate. We were nothing more than hopeless deer in the woods … or even less.

	In fact, the only thing that drove our survival skills was the constant fear of knowing she was still out there, in the kingdom … looking for us. Her name hung in the air like a thick, poisonous fog – Yolanda.

	No one of our clan has ever went back to the kingdom. We were afraid we would get trapped by her manipulation. No one, except Zooey. She had been our double agent since the start of this nightmare. Every few days she would come back to us and would tell us of the horrible things Yolanda had done.

	For example, one day Zooey told us that Yolanda does stretches after she wakes up. And if that wasn’t bad enough, she curses anyone that so much as looks are her weird.

                                  	“What does she do to them?” asked Mr. Ratata.

	“She HAUNTS them!” explained Zooey. “She summons ghosts and they do terrible things. The ghosts don’t let you sleep, they don’t let you eat. Your life becomes jump scares – all the time. They won’t even let you take a shower!”
                                	“But how do they stay clean?” he asked horrified.

     	Zooey didn’t answer. She just looked in the distance, as if remembering something she’d rather forget.      
            	Of course, there were always those of us that couldn’t believe such horrifying stories.

	“I don’t believe you,” said Jay “how can someone be scared to take a shower. It’s just water. Maybe those people were just wussies.”

             	“Careful,” responded Zooey, “she can sense you, and you will suffer the consequences…”

      	“Uh-uh” Jay gave a disregarded look and went to bed. The next day, at breakfast, he was dead silent.

                              	“Jay, it looks like you saw a ghost. What happened?”                               
                                   	“I don’t want to talk about it” he replied.                                   
                	And so, we didn’t, but after that no one ever questioned Yolanda’s powers again.                 
                                                                                                                  
 	And now we’re here. At the table, all staring at the one person who scares us most, eating Mr. Ratata’s cheese.

                        	“I still don’t understand,” says Rose, “Why should we help you?”                         
	“Because Katrina, my sister, is much worse” Yolanda explains. “I never trusted her, so I’ve been spying on her for some time. I finally found her plans, and, in two weeks’ time, she plans on overthrowing me. But her plans don’t stop there. If we don’t find a way to stop her, she’ll rule the entire world!”

	We all ponder on this for some time. We know Yolanda isn’t lying or acting as a double spy because Zooey has been watching and does know Katrina exists. But can we trust her? She might betray us at the last second and such our souls.

	“Wait a minute…” questions Lexy. “Zooey told us that you can punch ten times harder than a kangaroo and fly with your fart power. You should be strong enough to defeat your evil sister.”

	“I’m afraid that she has already turned my army of 30 rifle equipped platypuses, 103 ninja turtles, and 454 venomous beavers against me. My powers aren’t enough.”
                         	“Why does she  want to take over the kingdom?” asks Soph-ay.

	“Because she is jealous,” answers Yolanda coldly, “She is jealous of my powers. All she can do is talk to frogs, that’s why she can’t be Queen. But now she’s turning everyone in my castle against me and is trying to eat me!”

 	“But you’re the most powerful being in the kingdom!” exclaims Mr. Ratata. “If you can’t beat her, how can we?”

	“Well, I was thinking of turning all of the frogs in the world into pink armadillos and platypuses – so she can’t talk to them – and train them for battle.”

                              	“Why pink armadillos and platypuses?” everyone asks.

                         	“Because they’re my favourite animal,” Yolanda answers simply.

               	Everyone nods in agreement. Pink armadillos and platypuses are indeed magnificent.

	“An army isn’t enough,” chirps Zooey, “I’ve been in the castle many times, maybe we can send Pedro and Velma – our living rocks – to spy on Katrina and steal her battle plans.”

     	“And we can grow trees and plants on the battlefield, so we can hide during our fight” offers Yolanda.

	“Wait one minute!” exclaims Jay. “Are we forgetting who we’re talking to? This is Yolanda. The one who cursed the whole kingdom, the one who we’ve been hiding from for year a year! Why should we trust her?”

             	“Ya …” adds Rose. “This whole plan is starting to get a little too complicated anyway.”

                 	“We should just stay hidden and let Katrina rule. Can’t be that bad” says Lexy.

           	“No, you’ve got to help me!” cries Yolanda. “You don’t know what my sister is capable of.”

          	“There’s only one way to know what to do” says Soph-ay. “We have to get the prophet Arturo.”

	Everyone stares in silence. The prophet was the one that brought us to safety when all this started. Whatever he said was the truth. Is the Truth.

                                 	“All right then, bring him in,” answers Zooey.
									                                   
	Mr. Ratata rushes out of the room. Everyone stares at the door. Waiting. We haven’t seen Arturo ever since he rushed us into the woods. Then, suddenly, the doors open again the prophet walks in, slowly.

	His paws plopping on the floor one at a time. He moves past us all slowly until he reaches Yolanda. He gives her a good sniff. 
	
	We all hold our breath. Then, he sneezes once 
	… twice … no, 
	three times! 
	And trots out of the room.

             	“The prophet has spoken!” exclaims Mr. Ratata. “We must help Yolanda defeat Katrina …”

                                                   	“Thank y-“

	“Only if,” he continues, “you agree to let us come back into the kingdom and to stop cursing and haunting people.”

                                         	“Fine” Yolanda answers bluntly.

                          	“And no more morning stretches!” Jay adds. “They’re creepy.”

                                    	“Alright, alright. So, what’s the plan?”                                     
                                                                                                                  
	After a few days of training, spying, and battling we were finally able to infiltrate the castle. The sisters had an epic battle, but we had to leave the room because Yolanda’s farts smelt too bad.

	In the end, Yolanda won and as promised, brought us back in the kingdom. She turned her sister into a frog (so she wouldn’t be able to talk to herself) and Katrina’s plans were destroyed.
	 
As a thank you, she allowed us to live in the castle as royalty. And so we all lived in Yolanda’s castle, but we still spied on her in case she tried to curse any people … or do any morning stretches. 
                                                                                                                  
                                                    The End.                                                      
                                                        	                                                         
                                                        	                                                         
                                                      	                                                           
                                                        	                                                         
